docs/good.story/good.story.chapter.3.md, before:

# Good Story by João Esperancinha TL;DR

NOTE: The story at the bottom does not describe actual real events, but it is inspired by personal experiences. All
characters described are fictional characters. The story itself is also pure fiction.

If you missed it, please start
with [Chapter II - The cat that helped Lucy](https://github.com/jesperancinha/whiskers-kotlin-native/blob/main/docs/good.story/good.story.chapter.2.md)
.

## Chapter III - Hong Kong Enterprise Surprise (旺角)

### Recap

Lucy dreamt about her confrontation at the desk by her CEO at `INCO`. After not getting a very good sleep, she goes to
the supermarket and by chance finds a long-lost swiss friend of hers called `Ursi Tursi Lursi`.
Lucy then talks to `Lursi`, and tells him the story of a cat that had a special bond with her and that ended up blowing
the whistle on a secret camera that was watching Lucy's every step.

### Hong Kong Enterprise Surprise

Back in The Netherlands and as Lucy was making strides to climb up the corporate ladder with her extraordinary IT skills
and a natural-born ability for business, she hit a goldmine when she was invited to join Red Portal Enterprises BV.
After a long month of intensive `SCRUM` training, something that Lucy already knew and found useless at that point, she
had a meeting with her manager `Toos Boos`. `Toos` called `Lucy` for a meeting:

- Toos Boos - So Lucy please have a seat
- Lucy - Thank you Sir - Lucy takes a seat.
- TB - I hear you had a very good training?
- L - Yes Sir, it was one of the best of my life - says Lucy with a sarcastic tone
- TB - That is great to hear, but I see that it has come to an end right?
- L - Yes, we just finished the last lecture today, which is also why I quite wonder what are the next steps for me, in
  this great company of yours?
- TB - Do you like the far-east Lucy?
- L - I can't say that I do or that I don't Sir. I just haven't been there yet, but what I have seen in books is quite
  amazing.
- TB - Well, I have the first assignment to you. It's in Hong Kong
- L - In Hong Kong? That's... a bit unexpected...hmmm
- TB - Yes, do you have boyfriend or anyone you'd need to see very often?
- L - Sir, I live alone, South of Utrecht, I don't have much of a family anymore.
- TB - So I guess working in Hong Kong wouldn't really bother you. I think you'll enjoy it.
- L - Is this to be in Hong Kong permanently Sir?
- TB - No (giggles), You'll be working there for two weeks and if you like it we could do something like one week in
  The Netherlands and two weeks in Hong Kong, or any way you prefer.
- L - Can I just try for the first month?
- TB - Sure, I'll arrange your trip details, and you don't have to worry about anything. Just remember to get your
  Octopus card to get around in the metro in Hong Kong.
- L - Ok Sir. Thank you for the opportunity.

In Lucy's mind this was actually an amazing opportunity. Finally, some recognition. Finally, the time she was waiting
for.
She would get a decent work. She would travel the world, showing off her professional skills wherever she went.
Boarding a long flight to Hong Kong was also something Lucy didn't do very often, and she really expressed her
concern about travelling so far abroad. What customs should she be aware of? Should she take vaccines? What was
different between Hong Kong and Amsterdam?
The only thing `Red Portal Enterprises BV` manifested was just this idea that Lucy should just relax and board the plane
and commit to her assignment in Hong Kong. And so Lucy did.

Arriving at Hong Kong International Airport was an amazing feeling for Lucy. A part of Lucy felt that she was just going
places. Amazing. An assignment in an international city like Hong Kong.

Upon arrival, Hong Kong international airport did not seem to be much different from other airports. Lucy simply waited
a few minutes to get her luggage in the rotating belt.
As Lucy was passing through customs, two officers noticed that she was walking alone with a big suitcase. Lucy was
immediately called to the customs search room for a routine check:

- Officer 1 - What is your name?
- Lucy - My name is Lucy, and I'm here in HK for a business trip.
- O1 - Mss Lucy, please let me be the one asking questions. Can I see your business card please?
- L - You mean my ID card ?
- O1 - That is also necessary.
- L - Ok... this my ID card which you can see it says that I come from The Netherlands, and I don't have a business
  card.

Officer 1 looks at Officer 2 and both of them begin to stare in suspicion to Lucy and her suitcase:

- Officer 2 - I need to open you suitcase
- L - Got right ahead
- O1 - Mss Lucy, do you have any kind of official documents that corroborate the fact that you are in HK for business ?

Lucy's blood pressure instantly dropped. Lucy didn't print any official documents regarding the trip. Actually Red
Portal Enterprises didn't gave her any indication or any official document to use in this circumstance.
It seemed as if customs was very strict and Lucy didn't had enough to back her story. As the officers continued
searching in her briefcase, opening bottles and checking the contents of everything she brought, Lucy reminded herself
to check her email but first to give a call to Toos Boos.

- Lucy - Sir, I think if I call my manager, he'd be able to explain to you better than I...
- O1 - Sorry to interrupt you Mss Lucy, but whoever you call now, I also need documents to be able to assess the purpose
  of your visit. However, while we search your briefcase, you may call him if you think that might help you.
- L - Thank you!

As Lucy kept calling Toos Boos, he didn't pick up the phone. He didn't even have a voice mail. As the offices in
Amsterdam were closed, Lucy realised that she was alone right now. There was no welcome committee, no calls to check if
the trip went well, nothing. And the officers needed to assess Lucy's purpose of her visit:

- Lucy - My manager is not picking up the call, would it be enough if I show you the HR email from my company with all
  the details and goals of this trip?
- O2 - I'll check with my supervisor. One moment.

It was another tense moment. Lucy had to wait

- Supervisor - Hello Mrs Lucy. I believe you wanted to show me an email?
- Lucy - Yes, here it is. This is the description of the trip and the purpose of it.
- S - Higher Grounds Banking huh? Very nice, I actually know them and I have also seen colleagues of yours coming here
  through customs.
- L - Really?
- S - Yes, your company is very clumsy and I understand your situation... And you are lucky that I do so.
- L - What do you mean ?
- S - Mrs. Lucy, when people come to Hong Kong, especially in international flights they need to provide a clear
  justification for their stay and especially if they are travelling alone as you do. Your company didn't tell you this?
- L - Nobody briefed me about this. I've travelled before to other places in the world and I honestly speaking did not
  expected this and I'm sorry about it.
- S - It's not a problem. You can go. I can see my colleagues just finished inspection your suitcase. I also see your
  email and I see that you are on an assignment to Higher Grounds Banking via Red Portal Enterprises, but please tell
  your company that this is being noted and that there may come a point where we will not allow entry under these
  circumstances.
- L - I will Sir, thank you.
- S - Welcome to Hong Kong Miss Lucy and I wish you a pleasant stay and success with your project.

As Lucy stepped out of customs, she crossed through the arrivals hall and just by the underground entrance was the
machine issuing the Octopus tickets.
This was the Lucy had to get around in Hong-Kong and told to her by Toos Boos. So Lucy head straight to Mong-Kok, which
is the neighborhood in Hong Kong where the hotel was booked.
The trip wasn't the most assuring one because while the metro was going through, Lucy kept thinking on what just
happened. In office everyone tod her that all of her concerns regarding travelling to Hong Kong made no sense. She would
get an automatic tourist visa and since she wasn't staying for long it would be important to make any extra
arrangements. However none of this was true on arrival and the fact that Toos Boos or anyone in the office back in
Amsterdam still wasn't picking up the calls, felt strange and quite bizarre. There were also still no updates on what to
do the next morning.

--- `Keine Liebe` ---

Lucy's Hotel was a 3-star hotel located in Yau-Ma-Tei at the edge of the Mong-Kok Neighbourhood. For such a big company
like Red Portal Enteprises BV, it felt a bit awkward for Lucy to have to stay in a 3-star hotel. Coming out of the metro
gave Lucy a first glimpse of the busy and colorful downtown Hong-Kong. The enormous sky-scrappers, the neon-lights, the
busy
traffic, the known fast-food restaurants, the pâtisseries, everything, almost everything gave it a sort of New York vibe
to it. There were merchants selling fried food on the street and the restaurants offered a lot a pretty affordable
meals. As Lucy stepped in the hotel she felt a feeling of enormous relief. It was evening already and the trip was
really long and she was exhausted:

- Lucy: Good evening, I have a reserved room on my name provided by my company Red Portal Enterprises BV and I would
  like to check in
- Nuan Cheung: Good evening. I am Nuan Cheung and I will help you this evening. Under what name is your room reserved?
- L: Under my name I believe. It's Lucy Dalia.
- NC: I see, just one moment pease - Nuan Cheung checks all the clients' data - Yes, I see, you have made a reservation,
  that will be 10000 euros please.
- L: Oh I'm sorry - says Lucy with a hopeful smile - My company already paid for the room.
- NC: Let me check again ... Yeas, they reserved, but they explicitly did not pay for the room. I'm really but if you
  still want your room, you need to provide me either your company's business card or your own credit card. We don't
  accept debit Miss Dalia.
- L: Wait, there must have been a mistake. I'm sure my company paid for the room. Let me call my boss.

Lucy had already a feeling that Toos Boos or anyone else in the company wouldn't pick up the phone.

- L: No one is picking up the phone...
- NC: I see. Miss Lucy, I can't give you a room, but if you'd like you can sleep in the guest room and maybe in the
  morning you can call your company and resolve this issue.
- L: Let me see if I can ask for emergency credit.

Lucy had by sheer luck, her credit in such a way, that she was able to top up her credit line up to 10000 euros via
internet and one call to the bank.
Once the bank had loaned her 10000 euros, Lucy was finally able to get a room. Finally, after a very very long trip with
2 incidents and no calls from her own company, Lucy was able to finally try to get some rest.
Of course, the lack of contact with her own company didn't help and she dreamed about it:

...

[to be continued...]

### Characters

- Fenestev Moon - CEO of `Infrastructure Collective Zaphire BV`
- Hara Arre - Chapter Lead of `Blue Round Grachten Roses Dot Com BV`
- Sneller Brass - CTO of `Max Maxx BV`
- Platte Jouken - CEO of `Red portal enterprises B.V.`
- Ursi Tursi Lursi - A swiss friend of Lucy
- Picanica Sorogoya - Manager of Higher Grounds Banking Hong Kong
- Customs-officers - The officers that almost blocked Lucy
- Nuan Cheung (娜 張) - The hotel recepcionist

### Inspiring music

This is the music selection that has inspired the above fiction story:

<div align="center">
      <a title="Haiifa - Ezzay Ansak Video / هيفا وهبي - ازاي انساك" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8utLC4iUZU">
     <img 
          src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/K8utLC4iUZU/0.jpg" 
          style="width:20%;">
      </a>
      <a title="Keine Liebe" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx4mDkWDvDQ">
     <img 
          src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/Nx4mDkWDvDQ/0.jpg" 
          style="width:20%;">
      </a>
</div>

Commit message:

Instates Ktor with Netty Engine

docs/good.story/good.story.chapter.3.md, after:

# Good Story by João Esperancinha TL;DR

NOTE: The story at the bottom does not describe actual real events, but it is inspired by personal experiences. All
characters described are fictional characters. The story itself is also pure fiction.

If you missed it, please start
with [Chapter II - The cat that helped Lucy](https://github.com/jesperancinha/whiskers-kotlin-native/blob/main/docs/good.story/good.story.chapter.2.md)
.

## Chapter III - Hong Kong Enterprise Surprise (旺角)

### Recap

Lucy dreamt about her confrontation at the desk by her CEO at `INCO`. After not getting a very good sleep, she goes to
the supermarket and by chance finds a long-lost swiss friend of hers called `Ursi Tursi Lursi`.
Lucy then talks to `Lursi`, and tells him the story of a cat that had a special bond with her and that ended up blowing
the whistle on a secret camera that was watching Lucy's every step.

### Hong Kong Enterprise Surprise

Back in The Netherlands and as Lucy was making strides to climb up the corporate ladder with her extraordinary IT skills
and a natural-born ability for business, she hit a goldmine when she was invited to join Red Portal Enterprises BV.
After a long month of intensive `SCRUM` training, something that Lucy already knew and found useless at that point, she
had a meeting with her manager `Toos Boos`. `Toos` called `Lucy` for a meeting:

- Toos Boos - So Lucy please have a seat
- Lucy - Thank you Sir - Lucy takes a seat.
- TB - I hear you had a very good training?
- L - Yes Sir, it was one of the best of my life - says Lucy with a sarcastic tone
- TB - That is great to hear, but I see that it has come to an end right?
- L - Yes, we just finished the last lecture today, which is also why I quite wonder what are the next steps for me, in
  this great company of yours?
- TB - Do you like the far-east Lucy?
- L - I can't say that I do or that I don't Sir. I just haven't been there yet, but what I have seen in books is quite
  amazing.
- TB - Well, I have the first assignment to you. It's in Hong Kong
- L - In Hong Kong? That's... a bit unexpected...hmmm
- TB - Yes, do you have boyfriend or anyone you'd need to see very often?
- L - Sir, I live alone, South of Utrecht, I don't have much of a family anymore.
- TB - So I guess working in Hong Kong wouldn't really bother you. I think you'll enjoy it.
- L - Is this to be in Hong Kong permanently Sir?
- TB - No (giggles), You'll be working there for two weeks and if you like it we could do something like one week in
  The Netherlands and two weeks in Hong Kong, or any way you prefer.
- L - Can I just try for the first month?
- TB - Sure, I'll arrange your trip details, and you don't have to worry about anything. Just remember to get your
  Octopus card to get around in the metro in Hong Kong.
- L - Ok Sir. Thank you for the opportunity.

In Lucy's mind this was actually an amazing opportunity. Finally, some recognition. Finally, the time she was waiting
for.
She would get a decent work. She would travel the world, showing off her professional skills wherever she went.
Boarding a long flight to Hong Kong was also something Lucy didn't do very often, and she really expressed her
concern about travelling so far abroad. What customs should she be aware of? Should she take vaccines? What was
different between Hong Kong and Amsterdam?
The only thing `Red Portal Enterprises BV` manifested was just this idea that Lucy should just relax and board the plane
and commit to her assignment in Hong Kong. And so Lucy did.

Arriving at Hong Kong International Airport was an amazing feeling for Lucy. A part of Lucy felt that she was just going
places. Amazing. An assignment in an international city like Hong Kong.

Upon arrival, Hong Kong international airport did not seem to be much different from other airports. Lucy simply waited
a few minutes to get her luggage in the rotating belt.
As Lucy was passing through customs, two officers noticed that she was walking alone with a big suitcase. Lucy was
immediately called to the customs search room for a routine check:

- Officer 1 - What is your name?
- Lucy - My name is Lucy, and I'm here in HK for a business trip.
- O1 - Mss Lucy, please let me be the one asking questions. Can I see your business card please?
- L - You mean my ID card ?
- O1 - That is also necessary.
- L - Ok... this my ID card which you can see it says that I come from The Netherlands, and I don't have a business
  card.

Officer 1 looks at Officer 2 and both of them begin to stare in suspicion to Lucy and her suitcase:

- Officer 2 - I need to open you suitcase
- L - Got right ahead
- O1 - Mss Lucy, do you have any kind of official documents that corroborate the fact that you are in HK for business ?

Lucy's blood pressure instantly dropped. Lucy didn't print any official documents regarding the trip. Actually Red
Portal Enterprises didn't gave her any indication or any official document to use in this circumstance.
It seemed as if customs was very strict and Lucy didn't had enough to back her story. As the officers continued
searching in her briefcase, opening bottles and checking the contents of everything she brought, Lucy reminded herself
to check her email but first to give a call to Toos Boos.

- Lucy - Sir, I think if I call my manager, he'd be able to explain to you better than I...
- O1 - Sorry to interrupt you Mss Lucy, but whoever you call now, I also need documents to be able to assess the purpose
  of your visit. However, while we search your briefcase, you may call him if you think that might help you.
- L - Thank you!

As Lucy kept calling Toos Boos, he didn't pick up the phone. He didn't even have a voice mail. As the offices in
Amsterdam were closed, Lucy realised that she was alone right now. There was no welcome committee, no calls to check if
the trip went well, nothing. And the officers needed to assess Lucy's purpose of her visit:

- Lucy - My manager is not picking up the call, would it be enough if I show you the HR email from my company with all
  the details and goals of this trip?
- O2 - I'll check with my supervisor. One moment.

It was another tense moment. Lucy had to wait

- Supervisor - Hello Mrs Lucy. I believe you wanted to show me an email?
- Lucy - Yes, here it is. This is the description of the trip and the purpose of it.
- S - Higher Grounds Banking huh? Very nice, I actually know them and I have also seen colleagues of yours coming here
  through customs.
- L - Really?
- S - Yes, your company is very clumsy and I understand your situation... And you are lucky that I do so.
- L - What do you mean ?
- S - Mrs. Lucy, when people come to Hong Kong, especially in international flights they need to provide a clear
  justification for their stay and especially if they are travelling alone as you do. Your company didn't tell you this?
- L - Nobody briefed me about this. I've travelled before to other places in the world and I honestly speaking did not
  expected this and I'm sorry about it.
- S - It's not a problem. You can go. I can see my colleagues just finished inspection your suitcase. I also see your
  email and I see that you are on an assignment to Higher Grounds Banking via Red Portal Enterprises, but please tell
  your company that this is being noted and that there may come a point where we will not allow entry under these
  circumstances.
- L - I will Sir, thank you.
- S - Welcome to Hong Kong Miss Lucy and I wish you a pleasant stay and success with your project.

As Lucy stepped out of customs, she crossed through the arrivals hall and just by the underground entrance was the
machine issuing the Octopus tickets.
This was the Lucy had to get around in Hong-Kong and told to her by Toos Boos. So Lucy head straight to Mong-Kok, which
is the neighborhood in Hong Kong where the hotel was booked.
The trip wasn't the most assuring one because while the metro was going through, Lucy kept thinking on what just
happened. In office everyone tod her that all of her concerns regarding travelling to Hong Kong made no sense. She would
get an automatic tourist visa and since she wasn't staying for long it would be important to make any extra
arrangements. However none of this was true on arrival and the fact that Toos Boos or anyone in the office back in
Amsterdam still wasn't picking up the calls, felt strange and quite bizarre. There were also still no updates on what to
do the next morning.

--- `Keine Liebe` ---

Lucy's Hotel was a 3-star hotel located in Yau-Ma-Tei at the edge of the Mong-Kok Neighbourhood. For such a big company
like Red Portal Enteprises BV, it felt a bit awkward for Lucy to have to stay in a 3-star hotel. Coming out of the metro
gave Lucy a first glimpse of the busy and colorful downtown Hong-Kong. The enormous sky-scrappers, the neon-lights, the
busy
traffic, the known fast-food restaurants, the pâtisseries, everything, almost everything gave it a sort of New York vibe
to it. There were merchants selling fried food on the street and the restaurants offered a lot a pretty affordable
meals. As Lucy stepped in the hotel she felt a feeling of enormous relief. It was evening already and the trip was
really long and she was exhausted:

- Lucy: Good evening, I have a reserved room on my name provided by my company Red Portal Enterprises BV and I would
  like to check in
- Nuan Cheung: Good evening. I am Nuan Cheung and I will help you this evening. Under what name is your room reserved?
- L: Under my name I believe. It's Lucy Dalia.
- NC: I see, just one moment pease - Nuan Cheung checks all the clients' data - Yes, I see, you have made a reservation,
  that will be 10000 euros please.
- L: Oh I'm sorry - says Lucy with a hopeful smile - My company already paid for the room.
- NC: Let me check again ... Yeas, they reserved, but they explicitly did not pay for the room. I'm really but if you
  still want your room, you need to provide me either your company's business card or your own credit card. We don't
  accept debit Miss Dalia.
- L: Wait, there must have been a mistake. I'm sure my company paid for the room. Let me call my boss.

Lucy had already a feeling that Toos Boos or anyone else in the company wouldn't pick up the phone.

- L: No one is picking up the phone...
- NC: I see. Miss Lucy, I can't give you a room, but if you'd like you can sleep in the guest room and maybe in the
  morning you can call your company and resolve this issue.
- L: Let me see if I can ask for emergency credit.

Lucy had by sheer luck, her credit in such a way, that she was able to top up her credit line up to 10000 euros via
internet and one call to the bank.
Once the bank had loaned her 10000 euros, Lucy was finally able to get a room. Finally, after a very very long trip with
2 incidents and no calls from her own company, Lucy was able to finally try to get some rest.
Of course, the lack of contact with her own company didn't help and she dreamed about it:

--- `Lucy's Dream` ---

Lucy found herself in a dark place which looked to be an empty hall with a very dim light. In the distance she saw the
shade of what looked like to be a man in a black garment. But it was not visible what he wore.
The shadow approached Lucy and introduced itself to her:

Shadow: Welcome to my home Lucy.
Lucy: Do I know you?
Shadow: You know me for a lifetime. I go by several names.
Lucy: I don't understand. But maybe if you tell me one of your names, then I'll be able to understand what is happening
now.
Shadow: I'm Asmo, but let's not talk about me. Take a look to your right, what do you see?
Lucy: I see a trash can. I don't understand.
Asmo: And now?
Lucy: You've just painted it white! What does that mean?
Asmo: You'll know all about it soon Lucy. Be brave and don't fall into my traps...
Lucy: What?!?

After the last word given by Asmo, the shadow dissolved into thin air and Lucy wakes up around 7AM. It was time to figure
out what had happened in the meantime.

...

[to be continued...]

### Characters

- Fenestev Moon - CEO of `Infrastructure Collective Zaphire BV`
- Hara Arre - Chapter Lead of `Blue Round Grachten Roses Dot Com BV`
- Sneller Brass - CTO of `Max Maxx BV`
- Platte Jouken - CEO of `Red portal enterprises B.V.`
- Ursi Tursi Lursi - A swiss friend of Lucy
- Picanica Sorogoya - Manager of Higher Grounds Banking Hong Kong
- Customs-officers - The officers that almost blocked Lucy
- Nuan Cheung (娜 張) - The hotel recepcionist

### Inspiring music

This is the music selection that has inspired the above fiction story:

<div align="center">
      <a title="Haiifa - Ezzay Ansak Video / هيفا وهبي - ازاي انساك" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8utLC4iUZU">
     <img 
          src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/K8utLC4iUZU/0.jpg" 
          style="width:20%;">
      </a>
      <a title="Keine Liebe" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx4mDkWDvDQ">
     <img 
          src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/Nx4mDkWDvDQ/0.jpg" 
          style="width:20%;">
      </a>
</div>
